Weaver jet flavour inference (#188)
HEP-FCC/FCCAnalyses: CMakeLists.txt

option(WITH_DD4HEP "Build analyzers that need DD4hep" OFF)

> option(WITH_ONNX "Build analyzers that need ONNXRuntime" OFF)

Reviewer: Probably yes, it's good to keep dependencies optional. However, you should add `-DWITH_ONNX` for the ci run here: https://github.com/HEP-FCC/FCCAnalyses/blob/master/.github/workflows/test.yml#L24

> option(WITH_ONNX "Build analyzers that need ONNXRuntime" OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

set(WITH_ONNX "TBuild analyzers that need ONNXRuntime")
set_property(WITH_ONNX PROPERTY STRINGS AUTO ON OFF)
```
